docs: add coding standards and branching to contributors guidelines (#710)
MidLevel/MLAPI: CONTRIBUTING.md

Please help us keep MLAPI open and inclusive. Read and follow our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

> ## <a name="style"></a> Style Guide
> 
> Your contributions must follow the [styleguide](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.mlapi/blob/master/STYLE_GUIDE.cs).

Reviewer: Unity C# Coding Standards vs Style Guide?
```suggestion
## <a name="style"></a> Coding Standards

Your contributions must follow the [Unity C# Coding Standards](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.mlapi/blob/master/STYLE_GUIDE.cs).
```

Author: +1

> Your contributions must follow the [Unity C# Coding Standards](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.mlapi/blob/master/CODING_STANDARDS.cs).

Reviewer 2: Let's hoist this part from the conventions to here:

// |    - Our standard extends Microsoft's Framework Design Guidelines, which defines a number of rules not covered by this document. (see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/design-guidelines/).
// |    - This document inlcludes a subset of the most used rules as well as any additions and exceptions to the FDG.
// |    - If there is any disagreement between this file and the FDG, this file always wins. Exceptions to the FDG are marked with [FDG Exception]

Please help us keep MLAPI open and inclusive. Read and follow our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## <a name="standards"></a> Coding Standards

Your contributions must follow the [Unity C# Coding Standards](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.mlapi/blob/master/CODING_STANDARDS.cs).

Our standard extends Microsoft's Framework Design Guidelines, which defines a number of rules not covered by this file. (see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/design-guidelines/). 

> This file inlcludes a subset of the most used rules as well as any additions and exceptions to the FDG.
> 
> If there is any disagreement between this file and the FDG, this file always wins. Exceptions to the FDG are marked with [FDG Exception]

Reviewer: oh, I meant we should refer to `CODING_STANDARDS.cs` :P

```suggestion
[Unity Coding Standards](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.mlapi/blob/master/CODING_STANDARDS.cs) includes a subset of the most used rules as well as any additions and exceptions to the Microsoft Framework Design Guidelines (FDG).

If there is any disagreement between Unity Coding Standards and the Microsoft Framework Design Guidelines, Unity Coding Standards always wins. Exceptions to the FDG are marked with [FDG Exception]
```

Your contributions must follow the [Unity C# Coding Standards](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.mlapi/blob/master/CODING_STANDARDS.cs).

Our standard extends Microsoft's Framework Design Guidelines, which defines a number of rules not covered by this document. (see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/design-guidelines/). 

> This document inlcludes a subset of the most used rules as well as any additions and exceptions to the FDG.

Reviewer: "inlcludes" to "include" typo fix (both here and in the other markdown doc as well)? :)

Author: I just copy pasted from the CSharpReference.cs file ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

> If there is any disagreement between this file and the FDG, this file always wins. Exceptions to the FDG are marked with [FDG Exception]

Reviewer: Also, I think we should rephrase "This document" above and "this file" referrals in sentences and refer to `CODING_STANDARDS.cs` not to this file/document (`CONTRIBUTING.md`)
